good evening and welcome to
entrepreneur blogger under blanc
called
accompany me on my life path
and learn the secrets of
society and economy know the
of politics and media
to be kept secret and to today
really provocative theme I have to
but laura bonack the original
brought in what strength sharif
mature great thing and that
today's theme is never again
TV not that I never again me
in front of a television set
but we were on tor of Nowitzki
the other side of the television television
lens and will never do that again
Although the first contribution we in
or had TV which my wife
but I was on TV
really so much in demand
maybe I always do that then
too critical of television
a contribution of you have been to us since 97
at tv munich in the local station
was broadcast and my wife
to Munich purely in the studio and will
then recorded and 200 immediately and
we have other things with us afterwards
felt 0 nothing no interest well it
was around 2007/2008 there was sat 1 on us
attentive and the local editorial staff came
over and movies of my wife
shot interview especially and then came
A lady's editors with the camera
by the way and video camera we now here
standing in front of me and has as one man
show my wife from the camera behind
interviewed and my wife in the camera
persuaded and that should be played
it did not come because the won
bavaria lb scandal came on the
bank crisis and there it was a few times
moved but then it came
someday but have a two- customer
said yes they have seen that
we felt it with us 0
then it was me who was there in 2011
the ZDF underestimated again
greatness we are honored and that the
editorial by mona lisa that is the
Frauenkanal runs sometime in the
In the afternoon , the program was playing
from today's journal, I think that's how it works
and they made you a fool
you can not imagine that
they came up to five times and got there
Turned to us a whole day and
In addition, they still have at the
castle distillery turned on schliersee
and there is the title of the whole
Things are the whiskey women
We then have this from the mediathek
contributing with us on site
deserved a longer time
until he is now from the mediathek
disappeared and we have no rights
get that we still contribute this
could continue to show
where are the public law
very clear leader was consistent and what
disturbed me or us the most
while the students distillery with place where
you are at home and the name of
whiskey was advertised by
wissen.de or from the whiskey store nothing
said there was theresia löning whiskey
dealer response corresponding to 0
So we have no peak at anything
seen us and then they still have
boasted with one and a half million
Of course, they would have had to go ahead
all women and from these one and a half
million at 0.3 percent
whiskey affine german around lasting
50,000 interested people can talk about it
you now 70 percent 60 percent
pull it off
The women are old because the men quota
how much was less and then in the end
after all , there would have been 10,000 people
they must have been interested
but until they realize that
have and later on the internet
scoured have found us
nothing has cost me is mine
Woman working for garbage for twelve hours
Customer response than I am then
forum complained to us about it
I can be but are a nice
she is happy about such a nice movie
about her and such and then I am glad
in the end what remained in the mind
from the people when someone calls
nothing remained
then we have that publicly
Legal television to work money
invested working time therefore invests
ismaning and public law
radio was not willing or in the
location or whatever we are as a company
to name yet
I too was filmed a bit
and in the background was ours
to see disc.de that was not
sent no that would not be sneaky
have been and continue and there they have
namely a whole lot
has had long can the
West German and North German broadcasting
West German yes that's up there so
Westphalia has always been very good there
and there the tv channels as well
quite powerful then that in heads then
would have to roll heads because there
product placement was made
Well, if they say so then it will be
Rumble relatively soon that we
nothing of this whole stuff
because we are not being advertised
why should we charge
I work on TV
then sit down in the evening and then three
or five minutes and contribute them and
have been great if there was nothing
comes back makes that for a small
no sense if you are an artist of
which stones are painted or kneaded
want to laugh only monster manufactures
if not known about it by
is and then no money earned then
he will not join in there either
So something would have public
legal broadcasting also give us
have to
So either we're right
thing on our website then later
also keep showing allowed longer time
and not just the media library like that
Advertising for the internet of the zdf direct
No, they could have something for us
give a trade
only works if you win
situation we have to win or by
Legal television has to win
but they are used to it by the state
take users and give nothing
they have one too
conscientiousness, they want to say yes
what they mean because the have a
education order and so on and so on
on
but nothing for the man
economy promotes economy may brings
or without or do not watch TV
is perfect for us little ones
Uninteresting hardly we will forget
never do it again and then drive
because here comes and from us what we
free
We have the personal commitment of
editor had the name
our company does not name 0
have been prohibited from above
Well that would be nothing
so we will watch TV less
do not propagate that television
get along with it
that's how she says she lost us
The life
whether the iut I do not spectators
hope youtube of them look
here youtube and no tv youtube
would come to know that rather little
do not watch TV think about whether you're with
Do not even do something to the little one
I could do it now
my choice that smells so extreme
and have to put a whitewater to it
much alcohol
thanks for watching